Group meeting:  
Faculties: Bagus, Feisal
Attendee: Geo, Ryoga, Zhou, Nadim, Rupak, Hu, Thi Hai, Veton, Yuting, 

Thi Hai:  
 - Goal: create intellible speech in noisy enviroment  
 - Currently use LJspeech, has problem with WSJ  
 - added noise to audiowaveform, gaussian noise  
 - has problem with real bubble noise, experiment with LJ works 
 - Will try to use real noise next?
 - Will use adaptive noise/real noise?

Nadim:  
 - Please add page numbe in slide  
 - in addition to EER, it may be helpful to add AUC  
 - why the results from single stream/branches more is better than fusion of three streams/branches  

Rudy:  
 - Slide: detection of devoicing vowel in Japanese speech corpora  
 - p4: I think it is CSJ not CJS  
 - There is the I-JAS dataset to learn japanese by foreigners  
 - There is ASR model (parakeet) that detect hiragana only, focusing on phoneme  
- what is the the output of devoicing model?   

Ryoga:  
 - Low results on higher steps may be caused by no labels in finetuning 
 - Try to find contribution later.  
 
Zhou:  
 - Future goal: build TTS model with prompt and text only. The output should adapt based on text and tha prompt.  

Li Yuxuan:  
- There is dataset in our lab for elderly speech, you can use it as baseline data.  
- We have DementiaBank dataset  
- There is no eldersly-specific ASR in  the presentation, only general ASR? 


Yuting Zhang:  
- Purpose: whether dialectal varieties can be reconstructed, quantified, and explained through speech embeddings 
- Evaluting factors that may influence dialect: water, geolocation, mountaion, mobility 
- How to measure/calculate mobility?
- what is different between significant and very significant?  


Hu Hongwei:  
 - Generate image based on flow matching (called tri-flow) 
 - Next: implement on anime dataset  
 - Probably solving the problem on camera recording  

Kippei Hasegawa:  
 - Let me know if no answer from Suzuki-sensei in next week, I may contact him  
 - Which kind of bird did you use from the demo sound?  
 - The presenter claims that there is pattern/similarity among different birds?  
 
